Hatari UI
---------

Hatari UI is an out-of-process user interface for the Hatari
emulator and its built-in debugger which can (optionally)
embed the Hatari emulator window.

Having the UI in another process allows doing it with a higher
level language and avoiding adding GUI toolkit dependencies
to Hatari itself. The UI is done with PyGtk i.e. in Python
language, using the Gtk widget set.

The main points of this new UI are its configurability and
providing a GUI for the (console based) debugger included
with the Hatari emulator.

Note: this is an additional UI, the built-in Hatari SDL UI
isn't being replaced or going anywhere!


Requirements
------------

My guess at the required versions for the dependencies are:
- Python >=2.4
- PyGtk >= 2.8   (on Ubuntu PyGtk is in python-gtk2 package)

You will need also Hatari emulator version newer than 1.0.1.
Currently (2008-07-10) you can get it only from its CVS,
like you got Hatari UI itself.

Hatari UI has been tested on Ubuntu Linux (v7.04).  I would
assume it works also on other unix systems such as Apple OSX.
It won't work on Windows (the required Windows socket support
is missing from the Hatari emulator).

Embedding the Hatari emulator window is currently supported
only for systems using an X window system (from libSDL sources
it would seem that Windows would also support window embedding,
but support for that would need to be added both to Hatari
and Hatari UI).


Running
-------

Hatari UI needs a Hatari configuration file to know what are
current Hatari version options and their default values.
If you have never saved the options from the internal Hatari
UI (invoked normally by F12), do it before using this
external Hatari UI.

Being a Python program, Hatari UI doesn't need to be built.
You can just run it from where you extracted it (or checked
it out of SF CVS) by calling its wrapper script:
	/path/to/script/hatariui

Or you can run just the debugger:
	/path/to/script/debugui.py

But you can also install it to system directory by using:
	make install
